What did you change/enhance from part 1?

I made four big changes
-First I added a My Account element to the navigator when you are logged in. It allows you to change your password 
and email (Even though email doesn't do anything). This change required me to add Javascript to all of my views. 
-I added a show more button to the home page that allows for more news posts to display on the page until there are 
no more posts to display. Temporarily, it displays one at a time for grading purposes. This change mas primarily 
Javascript on the home page.
-I added a way to reply to and delete threads, both on the file systems and database. This was part of final change.
-The last change I made was a comment section for each thread, and a ability to reply to other comments and threads. 
The comment section works with file system and database, but you must be logged in to post a comment. This change was 
with a lot of PHP and Javascript in the threadviews page as well as a couple of external PHP scripts. Also, I added a 
decent bit of CSS.



If there was a third part to the class project, what would you like to implement?

I would add more to the My Account element of the website. I would add a profile picture setting as well as
a inbox system to see who replied to your threads and comments. Also, I would a nice image with the title of 
the game to the home page rather than using text. Lastly, I would improve security and add spam prevenetion 
(captcha). Other than that I am not really sure what I would add.



What did you learn between part 1 and part 2?

Obviously, I learned Javascript, but more importantly, I learned what Javascrit can do that PHP can't do, or 
that Javascript does better than PHP. Likewise, I learned what PHP can do that Javascript can't, and what PHP 
does better. Also, my understanding of MySQL improved a bit as well.



What did you like about this project? How could it have been better?

I really liked the freedom that we had with the project. That made the project much more enjoyable all together. 
Also with the freedom to do what we want, this caused me to not know how to do a lot of things I wanted to do, so 
as a result I had to look a lot of stuff up. This was not a bad thing, but rather allowed me to learn more then I 
would have in class. For the project to better however, I am not entirely sure. The project was exactly how I wanted 
it to be.